what's up what's up what's going on guys
it's BD Mason and guess what I got my
cast off it's been like a couple months
now um you know I had gamekeepers thumb
tore my thumb doing some jujitsu cuz I'm
a tough guy better believe that son I'll
put you in the submission I'll make your
tap yeah it was only my first class but
Shh I watch a lot of UFC bitch I know
how to do that shit bitch it's a good
relief to have it off and check it out I
can even take it out haha now it took me
like all day to remind my thumb that it
could bend ah this one can go everywhere
this one that's stubborn you don't want
to move I was like kill bill today
wiggle your big thumb see the scar and
you know that ain't coming out of me
because um I got black skin where scars
don't come out it's like that keloid ish
thing at least I got it a tough way
doing jujitsu first class maybe like
when I got it off and like I had my hand
out of the cast I was looking at it was
like oh I can move it now it smells so
bad but fear so gone it was weird when I
first took it off it first of all I had
to shed like seven layers of skin that
day like yeah I was sitting there and I
was just like peeling that shit scrubbed
it with like apricot scrub had to like
wine down a few layers cuz it was just
it wasn't thing for so long they're not
no time to shut you guys probably had
cast before you know how that thing
works i don't even have it that bad i'm
sitting there bitching smelled like dead
feet I think it did like it wasn't
rotten but it wasn't like athlete's foot
but it smelled like like a slightly
stale foot you know like a foot that
potentially could smell bad if it wasn't
showered soon but not necessarily
smelling bad but you can definitely
differentiate the foot between
the hand because there's a certain smell
that the foot starts to give off that's
how my hand was smelling and then I
watched it and then I watched it again
and again and I put some lotion on it
and now it just smells like a slightly
stale foot with some lotion on it well
then when I was there it was crazy like
I saw my boy Dexter Dexter was there and
he was getting his cast off to effects
to ask if they got black cast and when
they said no kind of upset him a little
bit saddened out and he told me his
story and I recorded it so Wow here it
is goes next vid continued part 2